---
title: 'Paris'
date: 2024-07-20T13:48:43-07:00
draft: true
author: "Monica Spisar"
authorLink: "https://monicaspisar.com"
description: 'Paris'
images: 
- "/posts/.../....png"
tags: []
categories: []
resources:
- name: "foo"
  src: "foo.png"
math:
  enable: true
---


A little side story about working in Europe: Paris shuts down for 6 weeks or so in the summer, and my microfluidics contacts in Paris were basically on holiday when we were ready with model specs. I reached out to [Shu Takayama](https://microfluidics.gatech.edu/), whose lab had been adjacent to mine in GG Brown at UMich (before BUL moved to Gerstacker). Shu is such a great guy! He made sure our microfluidic substrates arrived from Ann Arbor in less than a week. Work-life balance is taken very seriously by the French, and I respect that! Still, it was nice to have options when my contract was drawing to an end and I wanted to ensure the work could continue after I returned to North America.

### Sorbonne/UPMC/UParisVI

My 13 months as a postdoctoral researcher at the xxx were spent designing and implementing a new research project: ultrasound imaging of angiogenesis. I made headway on modeling bubble* dynamics in microvessels and on imaging bubble behavior in an angiogenesis model based on microfluidics substrates with suitable channel morphology. 

\* _Why bubbles? Due to the acoustic impedance mismatch at the 'shell', gas-filled bubbles in fluids are excellent ultrasound contrast agents. Microbubbles are safe in the bloodstream, and can be generated by ultrasound devices to serve as a natural contrast agent for imaging perfusion._